
In order to use the Anaconda libraries you need to open VSCode from Anaconda. 

Episode 1:

    Supervised Learing Recipe:
        Collect Training Data -> Train Classifier -> Make Predictions

        Collect Training Data: 
        In this case we are looking at fruit. 
        The Table would look something like 
        Weight | Texture | Label 
        
        Weight and Texture are FEATURES the better the feature the easier it is to discriminate data 
        The last column is called a LABEL and it identifies the type of finalized data to be selected (Orange and Apple)
        Features are INPUT to a Classifier and LABEL is OUTPUT
        The whole table is the TRAINING DATA. 

        the data will look like this when put in python:

        features = [[140, "smooth"], [130, "smooth"], [150, "bumpy"], [170, "bumpy"]]
        labels = ["apple", "apple", "orange", "orange"]

        Because sklearn uses real-valued features we need to change the strings to ints
            0 -> bumpy
            1 -> smooth
            0 -> apple
            1 -> orange

        Train Classifier:

        This exercise uses a Decision Tree
        
        A Classifier is a box of rules. 
        A Learning Algorith is the procedure that creates Classifiers.
            Finds patterns in data. 
            Included in the classifier Object and is called "Fit"
        There are many different types of classifiers
        You need to import the tree and classifier:

        clf = tree.DecisionTreeClassifier()

        Important Concepts:
            How does this work in the real world?
            How much training data do you need?
            How is the tree created?
            What makes a good feature?

Episode 2:

    There are MANY types of Classifiers
        EX.
        Decision Tree - Easy to Read and Understand 
        Artificial neural network
        Support Vector Machine
        
    Data Set being used is "Iris" 
        Has 3 different types of species by looking at Sepal Length and Width as well as Predal Length and Width as our Features and the Species as our Label
    Goals: 
        1. Import dataset
        2. Train a classifier
        3. Predict label for new flower
        4. Visualize the tree  

    1. Import dataset
        sklearn has the iris dataset built in so we can just import the set. 
        Note: There are errors thrown in the linter im using but everything compliles and runs fine. 
    
    2. Train the Classifier
        This was done by removing a datapoint and then running a fit on the data to see if it would properly predict the right data. 

    3. Predict label for new flower 
        After the fit was run a predict was run and it gave back the exact data there was before it was removed. This shows the prediction and training was accurate. 

    4. Visualize the tree
        Graphviz was used for generating a color coded tree then exported it to a pdf called "iris.pdf" within the same folder. 
        Created a great visual representation of how the model is making the decisions

    Important Notes:
        Every question a Tree asks must be about your Features. That means the better your features are, the better a tree you can build. 
        

    